docs: add Tenant Manager role to team member management (#1233)
auth0/docs-v2: main/docs/get-started/auth0-teams/team-member-management.mdx

**Self-Service Customers**

When Auth0 provisions a Team, we may automatically assign the **Team Owner** role to the administrator user account. However, this user must manually assign themselves the **Team Owner** role in order to verify their email and receive full account permissions. This user can then invite additional members as needed.

</Warning>

As a Team Owner, you can add, change, and remove team members. The supported roles apart from a Team Owner are Tenant Manager, Report Viewer, and Contributor.

> ## Team membership roles

Reviewer: Add intro text before next header

Reviewer 2: Will be in the next commit

### Team Owner

Members with this role have full access to the team dashboard (list of all tenants, tenant creation restriction, team members management) and can access specific tenants of which they are a member.

### Tenant Manager

> Members with this team-level role can perform delegated tenant management tasks — such as creating tenants, managing tenant members, and deleting tenants — without requiring full Team Owner access. Refer to the [Role comparison](#role-comparison) table for a detailed breakdown of permissions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Members with this team-level role can perform delegated tenant management tasks like create tenants, manage tenant members, and delete tenants without requiring full Team Owner access. For a full review of  Team's roles, review the [role comparison](#role-comparison) table for a detailed breakdown of permissions.
```

> Members with this team-level role can perform delegated tenant management tasks like create tenants, manage tenant members, and delete tenants without requiring full Team Owner access. For a full review of  Team's roles, review the [role comparison](#role-comparison) table for a detailed breakdown of permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Members with this team-level role can perform delegated tenant management tasks like create tenants, manage tenant members, and delete tenants without requiring full Team Owner access. For a full review of your Team's roles, review the [role comparison](#role-comparison) table for a detailed breakdown of permissions.
```

Reviewer 2: Updated in next commit

<Callout icon="file-lines" color="#0EA5E9" iconType="regular">

> The Tenant Manager is a **team-level** role. A Tenant Manager must also hold the [Tenant Admin](/docs/get-started/auth0-teams/tenant-member-management) role on a given tenant to manage its members or delete it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Tenant Manager is a team-level role. To delete a tenant or manage tenant members, Tenant Managers must be assigned the [Tenant Admin](/docs/get-started/auth0-teams/tenant-member-management) role.
```

Members with this role can view and access specific tenants of which they are a member.

> ### Role comparison

Reviewer: Can you add intro text here? Also, should this be nested under the role types? maybe it should be moved up a level since it's not actually a role, but rather a comparison of them?

Reviewer 2: Absolutely! Great suggestion.

**Team management**

| Function | Team Owner | Tenant Manager | Report Viewer | Contributor |

> | :--- | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |

Reviewer: I haven't seen the colons in headers, does that change rendering?

Reviewer 2: I just got preview running. The colons should make the columns uniform and tbh, it looks like it does in preview.

| Invite members to team | ✓ | ✗ | ✗ | ✗ |
| Update team-level roles | ✓ | ✗ | ✗ | ✗ |
| Edit Security Policies / Team Settings | ✓ | ✗ | ✗ | ✗ |
| View Team Activity / Security / Settings | ✓ | ✗ | ✗ | ✗ |
| View Quota / Quarterly Reports | ✓ | ✗ | ✓ | ✗ |

**Tenant management**

| Function | Team Owner | Tenant Manager | Report Viewer | Contributor |
| :--- | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
| Create tenant | ✓ | ✓ | ✗ | ✗ |

> | Delete tenant <Callout icon="file-lines" color="#0EA5E9" iconType="regular">Tenant Managers must also be assigned Tenant Admin role to delete a tenant.</Callout> | ✓ | ✓ | ✗ | ✗ |

Reviewer: I don't think the callout in the table is rendering properly?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, I'm moving it out of the table

| View and access tenants | ✓ | ✓ (Assigned) | ✗ | ✓ (Assigned) |
| View Private Cloud environments | ✓ | ✓ | ✗ | ✗ |

> | View tenant members **\*** | ✓ | ✓ | ✗ | ✗ |

Reviewer: What is **\***?

Reviewer 2: This requires Tenant Managers to also have the Tenant Admin role. I'm going to update with the callout under the table. Thanks for pointing this out!

| Add / update / remove tenant members **\*** | ✓ | ✓ | ✗ | ✗ |

> ## View and add team members

Reviewer: Add intro text before next header

Members with this role can view and access specific tenants of which they are a member.

### Role comparison

**Team management**

| Function | Team Owner | Tenant Manager | Report Viewer | Contributor |
| :--- | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
| Invite members to team | ✓ | ✗ | ✗ | ✗ |
| Update team-level roles | ✓ | ✗ | ✗ | ✗ |
| Edit Security Policies / Team Settings | ✓ | ✗ | ✗ | ✗ |
| View Team Activity / Security / Settings | ✓ | ✗ | ✗ | ✗ |
| View Quota / Quarterly Reports | ✓ | ✗ | ✓ | ✗ |

**Tenant management**

| Function | Team Owner | Tenant Manager | Report Viewer | Contributor |
| :--- | :---: | :---: | :---: | :---: |
| Create tenant | ✓ | ✓ | ✗ | ✗ |

> | Delete tenant **\*** | ✓ | ✓ | ✗ | ✗ |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Delete tenant <Callout icon="file-lines" color="#0EA5E9" iconType="regular">Tenant Managers must also be assigned Tenant Admin role to delete a tenant.</Callout> | ✓ | ✓ | ✗ | ✗ |
```

| View and access tenants | ✓ | ✓ (Assigned) | ✗ | ✓ (Assigned) |
| View Private Cloud environments | ✓ | ✓ | ✗ | ✗ |
| View tenant members **\*** | ✓ | ✓ | ✗ | ✗ |
| Add / update / remove tenant members **\*** | ✓ | ✓ | ✗ | ✗ |

> **\*** Tenant Managers can only perform this action on tenants where they also hold the **Tenant Admin** tenant member role.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
